### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is an open source relational database management software that uses SQL.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL is the query language and PSQL is the Relational DB Manament System Software (RDBMS).

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
In the terminal after you type psql you type: CREATE DATABASE new_db;

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
HAVING determins which grouped results you keep. WHERE lets you decide which rows to use.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
INNER joins require some data to overlap. OUTER joins bring together rows from two tables, including both matching and non-matching records.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
From the diagrams in the unit, LEFT JOINS will include all of the data in the LEFT table regardless of overlap, and only the overlapping data from the RIGHT table. RIGHT JOINS are the same, but flipped. 

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping and they help develpers use Object-Oriented techniques with relational databases without writing SQL directly.  

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  HTTP requests using Asynchronous JavaScript and XML originates from the browser or client side. When using the Python Library 'requests' the server is making teh HTTP requests to another server or API. 

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
CSRF stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery. It is generated by the server when a form is shown, it is included in the HTML of the form, and checked by the server on a form submission.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
Hidden inputs are form fields that users do not input. This line of code will include the CSRF token. 
